 article is from www.lockhaven.com  on  JS Farmers Market opens Thursday JERSEY SHORE  When the Jersey Shore Flea and Farmers Market was up for sale, Sugar Valley native Emanuel Mac Peachey felt he needed to step up and take over the operation. Locals Ed and Geraldine Snook ran the market for years before Eds unfortunate passing earlier in the year, Peachey said. After her husbands passing, Geraldine decided to pass on the operation of the flea market to someone new.  Thats where Peachey came in. It just stuck in my head that maybe I should do it, he said. Peachey grew up in a grocery store, helping his family operate the business so he knows what it will take to keep the local market up and running. In September, Peachey closed down the market to give himself time to renovate the space. The building, which sits along Route 44 about a mile outside of Jersey Shore, went through some major changes. An area that was once a cafe with tables and chairs near the kitchen, is now open to make room for more vendors. The walls were opened and insulation was installed to help keep the building warm in the winter and cool in the summer, Peachey said. Once completed, the walls were replaced and painted white with maroon trim. My goal is to build this up as a farmers market more than a flea market, he said. So far over 30 vendors have rented space, selling everything from bulk candies to Nans Donuts. There will be lots of food items that include produce, meats, cheeses, jellies and jams, desserts, and even a unique twist on pickles from Peter Peppers PA Pickles, he said. It could go on and on, he said. Flowers and greenery will also be for sale through the year including poinsettia in December, he said. Although the focus is more on grocery items, there will still be some flea market vendors, Peachey said. My goal is to bring enough people in here so that people can come in here and do their weekly shopping, he said.  A one stop shop. The kitchen will open throughout the day as well serving classic food-truck-style items like hot dogs, hot sausages, hamburgers, and French fries. As time goes on and Peachey gets a better feel on what is wanted and what improvements could be made things at the market could change, he said. Peachey said the process to renovate the building, gather vendors and get everything ready for opening day has been a bit overwhelming, but worth it. With opening day getting closer and closer, Peachey said things will get a little hectic as vendors come in daily to set up and prepare for opening day on Dec.  5. I get so excited, I get butterflies Peachey said with a smile. The market will officially open at 7 a. m.  on Thursday with a grand opening planned for some time in the spring. The market is located at 1308 South Route 44, Jersey Shore and will be open from 7 a. m.  to 3 p. m.  every Thursday except the day after Christmas. There are still some vendor spaces open, Peachey said.  Anyone who may like to rent a space is encouraged to contact him at 570-217-7653. 

 article is from philadelphia.cbslocal.com  on December 04 2019 Ocean City Seasonal Beach Tags On Sale For Discounted Price Through May Historic Houses In Fairmount Park Decked Out For HolidaysAnd starting Thursday, visitors can tour the six homes as part of A Very Philly Christmas. Free Library Of Philadelphia New 'Experience Pass' Gives Adults Free Access To Attractions, MuseumsHaving a Philadelphia Library Card now comes with a handful of benefits for adults -- including tickets to the Mayor's Box at the Wells Fargo Center. 'The Present' Returns To Love Park In Time For Giving TuesdayThe 27-foot glowing present offers residents a chance to give back locally. Here Are Some Of The Best Local Tree Farms In Delaware ValleyNothing says Christmas like the smell of a freshly cut Christmas tree!No Turkey? No Problem: Several Restaurants In Pennsylvania, New Jersey and Delaware Will Be Open On ThanksgivingRestaurants in Philly, King of Prussia, Cherry Hill and Wilmington - among others - are open on Thanksgiving. Must-See Christmas Light Shows In Philadelphia AreaFrom the Miracle on 13th Street to checking out how your neighbors decorated their houses and lawns, nothing beats jumping in your car and driving around to see Christmas lights during the holiday season. 

 article is from   on December 02 2019 Winter weather update: Snow expands, then exits NJ Monday evening The Storm So FarHappy December snow day, New Jersey.  I think it's fair to say that most (definitely not all) of New Jersey has experienced quite the wintry day.  As of this writing, the top snowfall total has been 5 inches at Highland Lakes, Sussex County.  And it's still snowing there, of course. I am generally pleased with how the storm has behaved according to expectations so far, with two notable exceptions:1. ) Monmouth County.  Models hinted at overperformance there early this morning, and Mother Nature delivered.  Once temperatures flipped below freezing, sleet and snow just poured out of the sky.  There was a report of 1 inch of accumulation in about 45 minutes at Spring Lake Heights, Monmouth County.  That is some heavy snow. 2. ) SW NJ, from Trenton to the Delaware Bay.  What goes up must come down.  As snowfall intensified to the north and east, a marked slot of dry weather enveloped the Interstate 295 corridor.  I mean, there was a whole lot of nothing throughout the afternoon.  Snow will make a statewide resurgence Monday evening (keep reading), but I suspect our forecast will ultimately bust in and around Mercer and Burlington counties. Numerous schools decided to close, dismiss early, and/or cancel afternoon activities Monday.  I could see some scattered delayed openings for Tuesday morning too, as snow cleanup continues. What Happens NextAll eyes are on the evening rush hour.  Moderate to heavy snow and slippery roads will be problems.  Luckily, we have the advantages of 1. ) lighter-than-normal post-holiday travel, 2. ) some smart New Jerseyans who stayed home, I'm optimstic, and 3. ) a well-prepared state government.  Although conditions will be treacherous, I am hopeful that it won't be an hours-long commuter nightmare (a la November 15, 2018). After about 5 p. m. , snow will make a southward push, enveloping southwestern and southeastern New Jersey where the weather has been dormant all day. After about 9 p. m. , any semblance of heavy snow bands should be done and snowfall becomes lighter and more scattered. After about 2 a. m.  Tuesday, snowfall should wrap up along the western edge of New Jersey. After about 5 a. m.  Tuesday, final snowflakes should come to an end completely across New Jersey as our storm system drives out to sea. Per my usual policy, I do not create new snow forecast maps once an event has started.  Other than the two surprises I noted above, I think my Monday morning forecast is still looking OK.  Additional accumulations are likely through Monday night. Advisory UpdatePink = Winter Storm Warning. . .  Purple = Winter Weather Advisory. . .  Green = Coastal Flood AdvisoryA Winter Storm Warning continues until 4 a. m.  Tuesday for Hunterdon, Mercer, Middlesex, inland Monmouth, Morris, Somerset, Sussex, and Warren counties. A Winter Storm Warning runs until 7 a. m.  Tuesday for western Bergen, western Essex, Passaic, and western Union counties. A Winter Weather Advisory continues until 1 a. m.  Tuesday for Camden and Gloucester counties. A Winter Weather Advisory is posted until 4 a. m.  Tuesday for Burlington, coastal Monmouth, and inland Ocean counties. A Winter Weather Advisory goes through 7 a. m.  Tuesday for eastern Bergen, eastern Essex, Hudson, and eastern Union counties. A Coastal Flood Advisory expires at 4 p. m.  along the Jersey Shore (from Middlesex to Cape May) as a round of minor tidal flooding wraps up along back bays and tributaries. The Extended ForecastI am happy to report there are no significant storm systems or snow chances in the forecast through the rest of this first week of December. We'll kickstart the snow melt machine on Tuesday with mostly sunny skies, a stiff breeze, and highs in the lower 40s. Early morning showers are possible Wednesday, followed by partial sunshine and highs in the mid 40s. Thursday looks chilly and breezy, with a mix of sun and clouds and highs near 40. Friday could be the warmest day of the workweek, with highs approaching 50.  A cold front will bring some showers into the picture late-day Friday mostly rain, but there could be some light snow to the northwest. Saturday turns colder with highs only in the 30s, despite sunshine. Final ThoughtsForecasting this first winter storm of the 2019-2020 season has been arduous and complicated.  The timing, at the tail-end of the Thanksgiving holiday weekend, was incredibly inconvenient.  The three phases of the storm from ice to rain to snow were difficult to pinpoint and communicate, especially given such a dynamic and changing storm setup. Once we have final snowfall totals, I'll do a post-mortem to analyze how our predictions compared to reality.  In the meantime, I hope my analyses and ramblings helped you prepare and stay safe.  Thanks for following along I'm sure we'll do it again soon. I'll have on-air updates through 7 p. m. , then I'll be back at it again starting at 5 a. m.  Tuesday morning.  Have a great night, New Jersey stay safe out there. Dan Zarrow is Chief Meteorologist for Townsquare Media New Jersey.  Follow him on Facebook or Twitter for the latest forecast and realtime weather updates. 

 article is from   on December 08 2019 WATCH: Crazy People Ride Nitro in Shorts and Tank Tops On Saturday, December 7, the bravest of the brave, or possibly the craziest of the crazy took part in Six Flags Great Adventure's Polar Coaster Challenge. Riders from 9 different states and Canada filed into Great Adventure to ride Nitro in only summer wear.  There were a total of 348 guests, including the Jersey Shore's Leah and John Emmons of Brick and Jessica Geneski of Bayville.  Participating ranged in age from 8 to 65. Once riders reached a height of 230 feet and a speed of 80 mph, it's estimated the "real feel" temperature was a bone-chilling 17 degrees!Everyone had fun and the event supported Special Olympics New Jersey as they get ready for their annual Polar Bear Plunge February 22 in Seaside Heights. Guests also were able to enjoy Holiday in the Park.  Six Flags Great Adventure has been transformed into a winter wonderland with more than a million lights, food and holiday entertainment, and of course its world-class thrill rides.  Holiday in the Park runs weekends and select days through January 1. Enter your number to get our free mobile app

 article is from   on  Manchester: Route 70 crash leaves one dead and one injured CLOSEMANCHESTER - One motorist was killed and another injured in a head-on collision Sunday near Route 70 and Green Acres Road, police said. The crash occurred about 6 p. m. ,when the driver of a2000 Honda Accord traveling westbound on Route 70 crossed over into the eastbound lane, collidinghead-onwith a 2017 Subaru Forester. [ Want unlimited access to the Jersey Shore news you care about most?Consider a digital subscription today, and download our app as well. ]The driverof the Honda, 59-year-old Louis Zuffanti, of Manchester, was pronounced dead at the scene. The driver of the Subaru, 51-year-old Joaquim Deoliveira, of Toms River, sustained non-life threatening injuries and was transported to Jersey Shore Medical Center in Neptune for treatment. The aftermath of a car crash on Route 70 near Green Acres Road in Manchester Township that left one man dead on Sunday, Dec.  1, 2019.  (Photo: Manchester Township Police Department)Both drivers were alone and wearing their seatbelts, according to police. Earlier:Manchester crash closes Route 70NJ weather:Winter storm could leave 10 inches of snow in some areas of the stateThe crash closed Route 70 between Green Acres Road and Whitesville Road, according to police. An investigation into the crash is ongoing, but police said vehicle speed and weather conditions appeared to be contributing factors. Keith Schubert is the morning breaking news reporter.  He can be contacted via text, call or signal at (732) 239-8731or emailed atkschubert@gannett. com.  Follow him on Twitter at@keithsch94. Read or Share this story: https://www. app. com/story/news/local/emergencies/2019/12/02/manchester-route-70-crash-leaves-one-dead-and-one-injured/4351020002/

 article is from   on  NJ weather: Early-season storm brings snow to much of state An early-season winter storm brought snow and slick conditions to much of New Jersey Monday. The morning rain was forecast to gradually transition to snow from northwest to southeast throughout the day, according toDean Iovino, a meteorologist for the National Weather Service. All areas are expected to see snowfall late into Monday evening, Iovino said. Northern New Jersey will be the first area to see the rain transition to snow, starting as early as this morning.  It is also the area that will see the most accumulation, according to Iovino, areas north of I-78 can expect between six and 10 inches of snow. Later in the day, around late morning and early afternoon,central New Jersey will start to see the transition from rain to snow and should expect between three and six inches, according to Iovino. The shore will be the last place to see the transitionfrom rain to snow and can expect between two and five inches. Snow began falling in northern and central New Jersey by late morning and continued through the afternoon andevening hours.  Temperatures slightly above freezing prevented more substantial accumulations in the southern part of the state. [ Want unlimited access to the New Jersey news you care about most?Consider apurchasing a digitalsubscription today, and download our app as well. ]Weather Foreceast (Photo: National Weather Service)The wintry weather causedslick conditions on the roads.  New Jersey State Police reported that as of 6 p. m. , its officers responded to428 motor vehicle crashes and 312 motorist aids, which include spinouts, flat tires andmechanical breakdowns. In Monmouth and Ocean counties, the snowfall could last until after midnight, Iovino said.  The NWS reported the snow should move out of the area by Tuesday morning. Buy Photo Roland Eckstein of Middletown walks his dog, Sadie Bear, in the snow at Holmdel Park in Holmdel, NJ Monday December 2, 2019.  (Photo: Tanya Breen)Winter storm to hit New Jersey: What we knowThere is also some minor coastal flooding expected during Monday's high tide cycle.  But the impact will be low as the flooding and snow will not be happening simultaneously, Iovino said. TemperaturesThe incoming systemcan be traced back to the west coast where it initially hit last week,Iovinosaid. Leading up to Thanksgiving Day, the same storm that we will see this Monday, pummeledthe midwest with some areas getting as much as 10 inches of snow. The storm system should be out to see by late tonight and there is a possibility for a dry Tuesday, Iovino said. For most of the state, temperatures will remain in the lower to mid-thirties throughout Monday with the possibility of cooler temps in northern areas. School closings and early dismissalsNorth JerseyJersey ShoreKeith Schubert is the morning breaking news reporter.  He can be contacted via text, call or signal at (732) 239-8731or emailed atkschubert@gannett. com.  Follow him on Twitter at@keithsch94. Support our Signature Journalism Become an Asbury Park Press subscriber today and get unlimited digital access and support stories like this one.  JOIN TODAYRead or Share this story: https://www. app. com/story/weather/2019/12/02/nj-weather-winter-storm-snow/4350208002/

 article is from www.wonderwall.com  on December 06 2019 Kylie Jenner sizzles in white on a winter getaway with the girls, plus more news Kylie Jenner heats up a winter wonderlandKylie Jenner's soaking up some serious winter wonderland vibes.  The reality star and makeup mogul posted a handful of shots on Instagram and her Instagram Story on Thursday, Dec.  5, showing off moments from a snow-covered getaway with her nearly 2-year-old daughter, Stormi Webster, her friend Yris Palmer, and Yris' little girl, Ayla.  When Kylie and Yris weren't busy teaching their daughters to bowl and snowboard or making gingerbread houses on what Yris dubbed their "baecation," the two posed for a handful of sexy shots that featured Kylie looking stunning in a tight, white jumpsuit number by Naked Wardrobe, which she accessorized with plenty of Chanel.  Holding her hands up behind her head showing off her best pout, Kylie captioned the shot, "Elsa who?"Keep reading for the scoop on Justin Bieber's latest tattoo . . . RELATED: Stars are nothing like us, Kylie Jenner edition

 article is from   on December 02 2019 Ready For Some Snow? Its Really Beginning to Look Like Christmas Enter your number to get our mobile branded appWell after the long Thanksgiving weekend maybe you decorated now for Christmas and with Old Man Winter making an appearance later today here at the Jersey Shore it may look a lot like Christmas here in Ocean and Monmouth Counties. Make sure you have Stormwatch ready to go and download the WOBM App so you can keep up to date on any closings or cancellations that could possibly occur into Tuesday morning. Here's a peak at Dan Zarrows forecast:"WINTER WEATHER ADVISORY" FOR MONMOUTH AND OCEAN COUNTIES UNTIL 4AM TUESDAY. . .  TRAVEL CONDITIONS WILL DETERIORATE THIS AFTERNOON"COASTAL FLOOD ADVISORY" FOR THE JERSEY SHORE FROM 10AM TO 4PM. . .  MINOR FLOODING OF LOW-LYING AREAS IS POSSIBLE AT HIGH TIDEToday. . .  EARLY RAIN SHOWERS, TURNING TO SNOW BY THIS AFTERNOON INTO THIS EVENING. . .  WINDY AND COLD. . .  AFTERNOON TEMP ONLY 36Tonight. . .  SNOWFALL CONTINUES INTO THIS EVENING, ENDING AFTER MIDNIGHT. . .  LOW 31Tuesday. . .  MOSTLY SUNNY. . .  BREEZY. . .  HIGH 42According to Dan Zarrow . . . 3 TO 6 INCHES POSSIBLE FOR WESTERN MONMOUTH AND THE NORTHWEST CORNER OF OCEAN COUNTY. . .  1 TO 3 INCHES FOR EASTERN MONMOUTH AND MOST OF OCEAN COUNTY. . .  A COATING TO AN INCH FOR SOUTHERN AND COASTAL OCEAN COUNTYStay with 92. 7 WOBM On-Air and at WOBM,COM for the latest weather conditions.  We will be first in at 5 am Tuesday morning with the latestEnter your number to get our mobile branded app

 article is from   on December 03 2019 JWoww Preps For First Christmas Since Divorce By Decking The Halls With Kids Newly divorced Jenni "JWoww" Farley is making sure her kids have their best Christmas yet by turning her New Jersey home into a winter wonderland as she prepares for their first jolly holiday without her ex-husband, Roger Mathews.  The 33-year-old "Jersey Shore: Family Vacation" star revealed they've already begun the elaborate transformation, and everyone seems to be in the holiday spirit.  Sharing the first look of her intense decorations, she posted several photos with their two children -- daughter Meilani, 5, and son Greyson, 3. Related:Celebrities Making Reindeer In Here Rock The Baby Shark of Christmas5 Classic Movies to Help You Start Off Your Holiday SeasonDrake Will Be Spending Christmas With His Son In Toronto'Last Christmas': Watch The Trailer For Emilia Clarke's Soon-To-Be Holiday ClassicForest Whitaker Files for Divorce After 22 Years of MarriageParty of 3!View photosPosting snaps showcasing her massive stairwell covered in green wreaths with red and gold oversized Christmas balls along with white lights and Santa hats, JWoww described how hard it was to get her tiny tykes to sit still for a photo.  "My little helper Tried to get @greysonmathews and @meilanimathews to take a picture but couldnt get them to stay still ," she wrote.  In one pic she shared, Greyson was making sure he made the nice list by helping mom on her mini step stool.  In the others, his big sister posed alongside him and smiling sweetly.  It's clear the duo are pumped to celebrate Christmas in just a few short weeks, although, this one will be different than anyone they've had before. Officially Single!View photosAs The Blast reported, JWoww and Roger Mathews officially became single in August nearly one year after the "Jersey Shore" star filed for divorce.  The duo were enthralled in a nasty divorce battle over child custody and support.  Their separation was so volatile it included allegations of physical and emotional abuse, as well as a couple of visits from the local police.  As soon as their divorce was finalized JWoww took to social media to describe her excitement that their relationship was finally over.  The MTV reality star shared a famous paparazzi photo of Nicole Kidman, as the "Eyes Wide Shut" star was leaving her lawyer's office following her divorce from Tom Cruise in 2001.  Showcasing Kidman with her arms held out wide, the actress let out an oversized scream after cutting ties from her then-husband, reportedly due to the controversy and his relationship with Scientology. 

 article is from   on  School closings and early dismissals for Monmouth and Ocean County on Monday, December 2 A winter storm has prompted several early dismissals and cancellations of after school activities today in Monmouth and Ocean counties. Here is a full list:Shore Regional High School: No after-school activitiesUpper Freehold Regional Schools: Early dismissalFreehold Township School District:After-school and evening activities canceledHowell High School: No after-school activitiesSaint John Vianney High School, Holmdel: Students who drive will be released at 10:50 a. m.  All other students will be released at 11 a. m.  Buses will be here at 11 a. m.  If you are picking up your student, please do not arrive until 11:15 a. m.  to ensure that the buses get in and out. Manchester School District:All after school activities and childcare for Manchester Schools are canceled Dec.  2 due to winter weather. This is a breaking news story.  Check back for updates. [ Want all of the latest on weather and school closing? Download the Asbury Park Press app and sign up for our push alerts.  ]Support our Signature Journalism Become an Asbury Park Press subscriber today and get unlimited digital access and support stories like this one.  JOIN TODAYRead or Share this story: https://www. app. com/story/weather/2019/12/02/school-closings-early-dismissals-monmouth-ocean-county/4350206002/

 article is from popculture.com  on  Ariel Winter Reveals Bold New Hair Color in Photo With Bulldog Puppy Ariel Winter is ditching her signature dark blonde locks in favor of a much bolder hair color.  On Sunday, the Modern Family star took to Instagram to show off her Saturday in the rain room, which included an adorable bulldog puppy and a fresh shade of red hair.  It is unclear if the new look, which included an arm tattoo and a septum piercing, is permanent or if it is for an upcoming role. View this post on Instagram A post shared by ARIEL WINTER (@arielwinter) on Nov 30, 2019 at 3:43pm PSTThe photo garnered plenty of reactions from Winters more than four million followers, who immediately clued into the new do. Beautiful, one fan wrote before another chimed in with Gorgeous. Love the red hair, another added. Several more, however, were more curious about the new ink on her arm and her nose piercing. Nice tattoo!! What's the meaning behind it? one asked. U got ur septum pierced, another pointed out. When did she get her septum pierced? commented another. This is far from the first time that Winter has changed up her look and the color of her hair.  After donning her signature dark brown locks for some time, in May of this year, she debuted fresh fiery red hair.  Sharing a photo of herself that showcased the new dye job, Winter wrote, part of yourrrrrr worrrrrld, referencing Disney's The Little Mermaid, the titular character of which is known for her flowing red hair. View this post on Instagram A post shared by ARIEL WINTER (@arielwinter) on May 3, 2019 at 9:38pm PDTIt was soon revealed that the new color was all in the name of a new role.  In early October, the actress made her Law and Order: Special Victims Unit debut in the episode The Darkest Journey Home," in which she portrayed Reagan, a woman who suddenly wakes up believing she was raped after a night of partying with her friends. In recent weeks, however, Winter seemed to stray away from the bold color.  Just days after her Law and Order: SVU episode aired, the actress debuted fresh black hair, a color that she kept up until her photo over the weekend.  In fact, Winter was still sporting the dark locks on Monday night when she stepped out at an art exhibition in Los Angeles, California, suggesting that the red hair is only temporary. -----WAIT! Subscribe to GroupChat, PopCulture. com's official Reality TV podcast! Check it out by clicking here or listen below. HIT play and listen to GroupChat's new Episode 14! We're digging into 'Dancing With the Stars' winner, 'Americas Got Talent' had two major exits, Dog the Bounty Hunter is in a new movie role and Angelina Pivarnicks wedding got messy when her 'Jersey Shore' stars roasted her in their speeches! Stay tuned and make sure to subscribe!

 article is from   on December 02 2019 We Got Off Easy With The Weather Today In Ocean County As nice as a fresh coating of snow may look, winter weather is unpleasant when you have to conduct your business in it. But, while today's weather system brought a coating of snow to parts of the Jersey Shore, other parts of New Jersey were a commuting nightmare. Snow in Brick - December 2, 2019 (Photo by Ricardo Blanco)According to NJ. com, a New Jersey State Police spokesman said that emergency services responded to almost 500 calls for help before the clock even hit Noon today. The tally includes 200 "motorist aide" calls, which are usually spin-outs, and 275 accident calls. It's still snowing lightly here in Toms River as I write this at 7 p. m. , but with little accumulation expected from the last gasp of the first December storm of 2019, I think it's safe to say that here in Ocean County, things could have been a lot worse. Enter your number to get our free mobile app

 article is from www.weatherboy.com  on December 02 2019 Thundersnow Builds off Jersey Shore A cluster of thunderstorms continues to build just off the central Jersey Shore; this band of heavy precipitation could wrap around into portions of eastern New Jersey, the New York City, and Long Island areas as the day continues.  With cold air continuing to move to the coast, this means thundersnow storms are possible. While not common, thunderstorm do form during the winter months and can be just as dangerous as their spring and summertime versions.  Within a thundersnow storm cell, climbing air will rise several miles up.  As friction occurs within rising air particles, triboelectrification occurs.  As ice crystals collide into each other within a thundersnow storm cell, they gain or lose electrons.  When ice crystals lose electrons, they become positively charged.  Wetter precipitation gains electrons, making them negatively charged.  When a significant enough difference of charges exists, an electrical spark jumps from one region to another to balance out the charge.  This spark is known as lightning. The dynamics of thundersnow storms are a bit different than typical non-winter thunderstorms.  In the winter, they are indicative of areas of intense snowfall rates.  Snow in these areas could fall at rates well over an inch an hour or more, creating hazards above and beyond lightning alone. Nevertheless, lightning is always dangerous regardless of the time of year it forms.  A strike can be deadly.  This is why the National Weather Service warns with the catchphrase, when lightning roars, head indoors.  If thunder is close enough to be heard, lightning is close enough to kill.  This is especially true in thundersnow storms: snow acts as a muffler disturbing the sound thunder makes.  This means lightning strikes could be nearby but the thunder caused by them may not be heard as easily as it is in a summertime storm. Commentscomments

 article is from www.jerseyshoreonline.com  on December 02 2019 December OK, Watch Out In New Year "Unwarmed by any sunset light The gray day darkened into night, A night made hoary with the swarm And whirl-dance of the blinding storm" - Snow-bound, A Winter Idyll, by John Greenleaf WhittierOCEAN COUNTY  The snarling blizzard of 1996 dumped several feet of snow on the ground, choked streets, and dropped temperatures well below freezing.  Many Ocean and Monmouth County residents were trapped in their homes for days. Whether we will see a storm like that during the coming winter months remains to be seen. While Northeast residents might see a touch of winter in December, the worst will come in full force after the new year, said Paul Pastelok, the long-range forecaster for AccuWeather. But the coming winter will be a busy one, he said. Whether or not its snowstorms, ice storms or mixed events, I do feel this is going to be an active year for the Northeast, Pastelok said. The snow piled up all along Village Dr.  in Barnegat Township.  (Photo by Kimberly Bosco)And that might include above-normal snowfall, he said. Jersey Shore residents can also expect more noreasters this winter.  Noreasters got their name from their location.  They are on the east coast of North America, and the winds over the coastal area comes from the northeast.  According to Weather. gov, these damaging storms form between New Jersey and Georgia. The Old Farmers Almanac is calling for colder than normal temperatures and above normal precipitation in the northeast. Our outlook forewarns of not only a good amount of snow, but also a wintry mix of rain, sleet  especially along the coast, the website states. The nynjpa. com website breaks down the winter months in terms of precipitation and temperatures.  The snow threat for December is moderate. However, that wont be the case for January and February.  There are two chances for major winter storms.  One will be at the beginning of January and another during the last third of the month, according to nynjpa. com. Look for the words Polar Vortex to be mentioned frequently with an arctic blast a high threat, the website states.  The snow threat is very high. Snow will also be a major factor in February, with polar and arctic air masses making the threat very high.  The snow threat for March (a wild card month) is moderate.  But theres a possible major winter storm in the first half of the month. Winter temperatures will be near or slightly above normal, with the coldest periods in mid-December, mid- and late January, February, and early March, according to the Old Farmers Almanac. Precipitation will be below normal in the north and above normal in the south.  Snowfall will be above normal, with the snowiest periods in mid-November, early to mid- and late December, January, and early February. And it will be a long winter, according to the Farmers Almanac. Winter will hang on with stormy conditions up through the official start of spring, especially for the East Coast, the Farmers Almanac website states. The National Weather Service will release its winter weather predictions on Dec.  15, according to the NWS website.  The NWS will also introduce its new Winter Storm Outlook webinar on that date. Photo by Jason AllentoffThe webinar will focus on the possibility of hazardous snow or ice events, by sending key messages about significant winter storm threats during the first three days of the forecast period.  The Winter Storm Severity Index will be extended to all 116 NWS forecast offices in the United States. 

 article is from   on December 01 2019 Storm Moves Out After Light Snow Falls on Parts of Area The winter storm is moving out of our area but there could be some icy conditions on untreated roads.  NBC10 First Alert Weather chief meteorologist Tammie Souza has the forecast. What to Know The winter storm moved out of our region after light snow fell on parts of our area on Monday. While snow fell, there was little accumulation throughout the area. Tuesday is expected to be breezy and sunny. The storm system moved out after parts of the area saw light snow and a wintry mix on Monday. A First Alert was issued for most of the area Monday, with the exception of the Jersey Shore and Delaware beaches. Potential impacts from the snow prompted the National Weather Service to issue winter weather warnings and advisories.  Dozens of schools and districts closed or dismissed early, and New Jersey closed all state offices at noon. Most of the region saw at least some snowfall, but, it appeared the bull's eye hit mostly northeast of our region. The cutoff between snow and no snow was separated by miles.  There were also dry gaps during the storm  with the snow stopping before picking up again. [565608251, C]]For most areas, the morning commute was fine, except for some slippery spots due to pockets of snow as temps hovered just above freezing.  More snow fell in parts of the area during the Monday evening rush. While snow fell, there was little accumulation throughout the area. The system moved out late Monday into the overnight hours.  Sunshine is expected Tuesday. Download the free NBC10 app for the latest forecast and updates. 

 article is from www.pix11.com  on December 03 2019 Snow tapers off overnight, total snowfall amounts will be around 8-12 inches in parts of NJ, NY NEW YORK After a wintry day, the complex storm system will slowly depart the region overnight.  It will remain chilly and blustery heading into Tuesday, but at least it will dry with partly to mostly sunny skies.  We remain cool for the rest of the week, but there are indications of a warm up heading into next week. Winter Storm Warnings continue for areas north and west of the city through the overnight hours.  Many areas already had over 6 inches of snow from the first event on Sunday.  With the second storm, these areas can get an additional 1-3 inches of snow before it ends overnight.  Total snowfall amounts will be around 8 to 12 inches across northern New Jersey and the Catskills in New York. By Monday afternoon, the storm had dropped 27 inches of snow in Delanson, New York, 25 miles (40 kilometers) northwest of Albany the highest snow total in the Northeast so far. The same storm has pummeled the U. S.  for days as it moved cross country, dumping heavy snow from California to the Midwest and inundating other areas with rain. Gov.  Andrew Cuomo declared a state of emergency Monday for seven counties in eastern New York and assigned 300 National Guard members to assist with snow removal.  State police had responded to more than 740 storm-related crashes statewide since the snow started falling. More than 660 flights into or out of the U. S.  were canceled Monday, with more than 4,000 delays, according to the flight tracking site FlightAware.  Airports in the New York and Boston areas accounted for many of them.  There were 950 cancelations and 8,800 delays on Sunday. The storm also caused major traffic disruptions.  Tractor-trailers were banned or lower speed limits put in place on stretches of highway in New Jersey and Pennsylvania.  New York also posted lower speed limits on some highways. Closer to the coast, Winter Weather Advisories will continue overnight.  After much of it being a rain event on Sunday and Monday morning, temperatures cooled down enough for the changeover to snow.  Temperatures are expected to be at around the freezing mark, limiting snow accumulations.  The steadier snow should taper off by midnight, with snow showers lingering around through the overnight hours.  In the end, expect 2-4 inches for the city, with up to 2 inches possible for the east end of Long Island and the Jersey Shore.  Amounts will increase north and west of the city. The storm will be over with before Tuesday mornings commute.  Untreated road surfaces may still be icy.  Temperatures will only climb into lower 40s but will feel more like the 20s to around 30 degrees during the dayIt will be partly to mostly sunny for the rest of the week as high pressure slides through the region.  By Friday, a weak system passes to the north and there could be a few sprinkles as a cold front passes through. We cool down into the 30s on Saturday, but a warm up develops heading into next week.  Temperatures could climb into the 50s by next Monday ahead of an approaching cold front. 

 article is from www.nj.com  on December 05 2019 Salad, pasta and chocolate? This may be N.J.s most ridiculous pizza. New Jersey is full of pizza aficionados who arent afraid to tell you what should and should not go on a pizza.  Pepperoni is safe, as are a slew of veggies.  Mashed potatoes? Why not.  Ham and pineapple? The jury is still out. But what about chocolate?Villa Italian Kitchen, the Morristown-based pizza chain that turned heads this summer when it sold just pizza crusts, has its latest crazy concoction.  A Three-Course Pizza thats designed to act as a full meal appetizer, entree and dessert. It can be yours for $25 and can be found at the restaurants New Jersey locations at Garden State Plaza and Bergen Town Center Paramus as well as the Jersey Shore Premium Outlets in Tinton Falls. Caesar salad in the center? Maybe controversial for some, but not unheard of.  A ring of penne with marinara sauce? Unorthodox and a whole lot of carbs, but tasty nonetheless. Want more food and restaurant news? Enter your email address to be the first to know:Now for dessert. . .  a chocolate-stuffed crust, drizzled with chocolate syrup. Ive heard of sweet and savory, but this is taking it to a new level. We know the holidays are a stressful time for people who cant or would prefer not to cook, Stephanie Beamer, Villa Restaurant Groups divisional vice president of catering, said in a release.  With so many potlucks and parties popping up throughout the fall and winter, we wanted to create a solution for our guests who love our products and the convenience of an easy, high-quality catering option.  The Three-Course Pizza provides the perfect solution and tastes amazing, too!"I had to put those last three words to the test. The salad portion was fine.  Not the best salad youll ever have, but certainly not the worst.  The pasta portion was surprisingly tasty, though the noodles were a little less al dente than I would have hoped. Jeremy Schneider | NJ Advance Media for NJ. com The chocolate pizza crust at Villa Italian Kitchen. Then the crust.  The hot, thick, chocolately crust that was overflowing with the sweet stuff before I even bit into it, leaving my hands sticky with chocolate from the second I picked up the sloppy slice.  I bravely bit into the crust and. . .  didnt hate it? I mean, whats not to love about what amounts to a hot chocolate pastry?Then I saw that I still had tomato sauce on my hand.  I couldnt ignore it, mixing it with the sweet chocolate taste I was already enjoying. And yeah.  That wasnt good.  Chocolate and tomatoes do not mix. If you make sure to not breach the crust before finishing the tomato sauce, you could theoretically enjoy it as a dessert separate from the rest of the pizza.  But if you get to mixing, brace yourself for a weird flavor profile. So yeah, Im usually a crust guy.  But this time, you can have mine. Jeremy Schneider may be reached at jschneider@njadvancemedia. com.  Follow him on Twitter @J_Schneider.  Find NJ. com on FacebookHave a tip? Tell us.  nj. com/tipsGet the latest updates right in your inbox.  Subscribe to NJ. coms newsletters. 

 article is from popculture.com  on  'The Conners' and 'Bless This Mess' Not on Tonight, ABC Airing Brad Paisley Special Instead The start of the holiday season means ABC is bumping two fan-favorite shows Tuesday night for special programming.  Comedy shows The Conners and Bless This Mess will not air on Dec.  3 as the network will give the 8 p. m.  ET timeslot to the Brad Paisley Thinks He's Special holiday program.  The shows are not done for the year, however, as new episodes are slated to air next week. The Conners will return Dec.  10 with "Smoking Penguins and Santa on Santa Action. " The episode, which will serve as the comedy's winter finale, description reads: "Dan is disappointed when everyone but Becky forgets about his birthday.  Meanwhile, Darlene and Ben face an issue at work, and Dan takes advantage of the family Christmas Santa photo to force Jackie to befriend Louise. "Bless This Mess will also air an episode on Dec.  10, also its winter finale, titled "Goose Glazing Time. " The description for the episode reads: "Mike and Rio are thrilled about having their first Christmas alone together as a married couple, but a wrench is thrown into their romanticized holiday plans as they are interrupted by crisis after crisis.  Meanwhile, Kay invites Beau home for Christmas so that they can give Jacob a proper holiday. "The Conners has been tapping into flagship series Roseanne's legacy this season as Jackie (Laurie Metcalf) and Becky (Lecy Goranson) revealed plans for the family to reopen the iconic Lunch Box. Reports surfaced last week the series is planning a big reunion later in Season 2, when the show introduces a grown-up version of Dan's (John Goodman) younger brother "Little Ed. "Ed Jr.  will reportedly now be 21 years old, and "is a college graduate who harbors some resentment towards his older brother for not helping care for their octogenarian dad. " Casting is still underway for who will step into the recurring role. Brad Paisley Thinks He's Special is an hourlong variety special hosted by the beloved country singer that is set to showcase the energy of Nashville from its iconic War Memorial auditorium, the special will mix comedy and music to kickstart the holiday season.  The special is set to include appearances by Carrie Underwood, Kelsea Ballerina, Hootie and The Blowfish, Jonas Brothers, Chris Harrison, Peyton Manning, Tim McGraw, Darius Rucker and many others. The Conners and Bless This Mess typically air Tuesdays at 8 p. m.  and 8:30 p. m.  ET respectively on ABC. -----WAIT! Subscribe to GroupChat, PopCulture. com's official Reality TV podcast! Check it out by clicking here or listen below. HIT play and listen to GroupChat's new Episode 14! We're digging into 'Dancing With the Stars' winner, 'Americas Got Talent' had two major exits, Dog the Bounty Hunter is in a new movie role and Angelina Pivarnicks wedding got messy when her 'Jersey Shore' stars roasted her in their speeches! Stay tuned and make sure to subscribe!

 article is from www.newsday.com  on December 02 2019 Long Island weather: Storm forecast updated with 1-5 inches of snow Long Islanders can expect a cold, snowy morning commute Tuesday after a pre-winter storm pummeled upstate New York, northern New Jersey and parts of Connecticut before hitting the region Monday night. Between 1 and 5 inches of snow was in the Long Island forecast for late Monday night into Tuesday morning, according to forecasters with the National Weather Service's Upton office.  The overnight low was expected to be 30 degrees with gusts between 16 and 21 mph by 7 a. m.  Tuesday, making it feel closer to 20 at the bus stop or LIRR station. Late Monday afternoon, the weather service said it had expanded its winter weather advisory to include eastern Suffolk County until 7 a. m.  Tuesday.  Commuters on Long Island roadways can expect icy and slippery conditions Tuesday morning. Long Island's East End should fare best with about an inch of snow predicted, the weather service said.  Farmingdale is forecast to get the most snow, five inches, with Islip getting three inches. The heaviest snowfall would likely end by midnight Monday with light snow continuing before tapering off by 7 a. m.  Tuesday, forecasters said. "Were going to have snow varying in intensity, not consistently moderate or heavy, but there could be a few bursts of moderate to briefly heavy snow," said Jay Engle, a meteorologist with the weather service in Upton. After that, forecasters said, the clouds are expected to be replaced by mostly sunny skies and a high of 39.  Partly sunny skies are forecast through Friday with daytime highs on Long Island hovering around the low 40s with overnight lows at or just below freezing, the weather service said. The North Shore from Nassau to western Suffolk could see 3 to 5 inches of snow while eastern Suffolk's North Shore could see 1 to 3 inches before the storm moves on early Tuesday, Engle said.  The South Shore will see less snow, about an inch, because temperatures will be slightly warmer along the coastline, he said. Get the Breaking News newsletter! Get the latest breaking news as it happens.  By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy. Areas north and west of New York City were expected to get up to eight inches of snow, the weather service said. New snow accumulation of 3 to 6 inches of snow was forecast for New York City, according to the weather service. Since Sunday, the storm has dropped 20 inches of snow in upstate East Glenville, 15 miles northwest of Albany the highest snow total in the Northeast so far. Gov.  Andrew M.  Cuomo declared a state of emergency Monday in seven upstate counties and deployed 300 National Guard members. Though Long Island was expected to get off easy by comparison, road sanders were out in force predawn Monday, laying down salt and sand on major area roadways.  The MTA issued an alert to Long Island Rail Road riders, advising of "wintry weather conditions" in the area and urging riders to allow not only extra travel time, but to "use caution when walking on station platforms and staircases. "Riders also were urged to monitor for service updates at mta. info/lirr. In statement Monday, Nassau County Executive Laura Curran, advised residents to take extra precautions due to hazardous driving conditions through the Tuesday morning commute.  Additionally, Curran said, several warming centers will be open throughout the county.  Those who need a warm bed can call the countys homeless hotline at 1-866-WARMBED. The storm also caused disruptions for travelers at airports across the region and the country. The Federal Aviation Administration reported a traffic management program in effect at LaGuardia Airport due to snow and ice.  Average flight delays at La Guardia on Monday topped out at almost two hours, the FAA said.  At Kennedy Airport, snow and ice was causing some arriving flights to be delayed an average of about 90 minutes, the FAA said.  Delays of less than 15 minutes were reported Monday night at Long Island MacArthur Airport, according to the FAA. Speaking Monday morning to reporters in Brooklyn at the city's emergency-management headquarters, Mayor Bill de Blasio said the city had deployed 705 salt spreaders, sprayed liquid brine on highway ramps, and had 1,500 plows ready to go once enough snow accumulated. MTA official Craig Cipriano expressed confidence that the transit system would run smoothly throughout the storm. "We're fully prepared to get our customers back home safe this evening as well as get them back into the city [Tuesday].  We've had many storm preparations over the last 24 hours, including making sure that our trains are available and extra staffed to do sanding and salting of the platforms as well as making sure that we keep our third-rail heaters on," he said. With Matthew Chayes and AP

 article is from www.sungazette.com  on  Lewisburg boys, girls eyeing district titles in swimming Lewisburg is coming off 8-2 seasons for both the boys and girls and bring back a plethora of qualifiers.  Thirteen of Lewisburgs swimmers are either district or state qualifiers, which will only help the Green Dragons this year. Lewisburg coach Derek Updegraff hopes that both his teams can compete for not just a conference title, but a District 4 team title as well.  The Green Dragons won both the boys and girls swimming district titles in the 2016-17 season. We have a good mix of returning veterans and newcomers to the team, Updegraff said.  It will be an exciting season to find out how they mesh with one another and to see who will step up and make a contribution this season. On the girls side, Lewisburg brings back state qualifiers Anna Batkowski, Alexandra Decker, Jewels Hepner and Delaney Humphrey.  Humphrey placed 18th in the IM and 14th in the 500 free last winter. And that foursome is what Updegraff will rely on in the pool. I expect Delaney Humphrey, Jewels Hepner, Alex Decker and Anna Batkowski to contribute and make an impact.  All four have experience at the state meet from last year, Updegraff said.  All four, along with Lily McBride, Molly Gill and Hannah Castellan, can make an impact this year. On the boys side, Lewisburg is looking for Jack Drouin and Tom Haynos to help lead the team.  Drouin is a returning district qualifier in the free, back and fly and Haynos is also a returning district qualifier.  The Green Dragons have two returning state qualifiers in Colin Runyon and Caleb Leaman, who finished 17th and 20th, respectively, in the state diving competition. They both (Drouin and Haynos) have the experience that we will need to lead this team.  Both had a good district meet last season, Updegraff said.  Vaughn Holthus also had a breakthrough meet at districts last year, so we expect him to contribute a lot this season. The expectation is that we will work hard and focus on improving every day.  If we can do that, we can be among the teams that challenge for the conference and district title. Jersey Shore brings back three returners from last years 200 free relay team that qualified for states in Meaghan Keegan, Veronica Sander and Jordan OConnor.  That trio brings plenty of experience and leadership to the Bulldogs this year as well. OConnor finished fifth last year in the 100 back, becoming the third Jersey Shore girls swimmer to ever place fifth or better at the state meet.  She joined Emma Butzler (100 fly, 3rd, 2017) and Maddi Thompson (100 free, 5th, 2010). I am really hoping to end with a better record for both girls and boys teams, qualify more for districts, have a better finish at districts for both teams and return to states, Jersey Shore coach Jenna Brooks said. Brooks also is expecting a few new swimmers to help make an impact with the Bulldogs this season. We are still trying to see what they are all about and what they can provide to the team, Brooks said.  So far there is a lot of great work ethic being put in the water in the short amount of time that weve had. The Bulldogs pool was under maintenance to begin the winter practices, so Jersey Shore had to practice at Williamsports pool.  And while that is a bit of an inconvenience, Brooks views it as a good for the team sticking together. We have been having to go to Williamsport High School late every night for practice and the team has stuck together to make the best out of the situation at hand, Brooks said.  This is a great group of kids that I have this year and I am looking forward to a great season. Williamsport had a remarkable season last year in both boys and girls under coach Nate Witmer.  The boys team finished the year 9-5 and the girls cruised through the league to win the conference title with a 9-0 record and finished 13-1 overall. Swimming is both an individual and team sport. Our teams success last year was built on a lot of individual efforts and successes that united to achieve our team goals. The equation for success this year has two parts:one is what we can do on our end and the other is what our competition is bringing to the pool,Witmer said.   We took a hit in the leadership and experience category with last years graduating class, but Iam confident the leaders of this years team will be able to fill the shoes of those who graduated. Part of the excitement of coaching is seeing the kids developing as athletes, but also as young leaders. The character development is a large part of our programs goal. The Millionaires brought home a lot of gold last season at the district meet.  On the girls side, Lydia Smith and Mallory Pardoe won gold in the 50 free and 100 fly, respectively.  Pardoe also broke the Williamsport record by nearly 2. 5 seconds and set a new District 2-4 record in the process. While Williamsport didnt medal at the state meet, its swimmers gained plenty of experience by qualifying which will only help pay dividends in the pool this year for districts and states. Pardoe was a freshman last year and will only improve as a sophomore.  After states, Pardoe noted how she was going to train during the summer to prepare for her sophomore campaign. As for whatWitmers expecting this year?Im not really sure what to expect quite yet as we have a lot of new faces some of which are progressing rapidly  but we know where our goals are set,Witmer said.  One of our big focuses  beyond winning of course  is developing character and the best leaders that we can.  We believe that if we can get the upperclassmen and more experienced athletes to lead by setting examples of self-discipline, integrity and grit that the team cohesion and team success will follow. Williamsport has plenty returning as well on the boys side.  Jack Beattie and Matthew Beard return, two members of the Millionaires 400 free relay team which won at districts.  Beard won gold in the 50 free and placed third in the 100 free. Like Pardoe and others on Williamsports swim team, Beard wanted to train throughout the offseason to prepare for this year. Seeing everybody go out faster makes you want to get that much faster.  It makes you want to work harder, Beard said to the Sun-Gazette after last seasons state meet. Devon Shank also returns, a senior this year who placed fifth in the backstroke at districts.  Ross Flerlage and Riley Hockman competed well in districts and return this year as a sophomore and junior, respectively. Beard competed at the state meet last year. Witmer also thinks that JackBeattie  who placed second at districts in diving, broke a team recordand competed at staets  is in good position this year to break both of the schools team diving records. Warrior Run has three swimmers this year competing with juniors Brilee Slodysko and Madison Rovenolt and sophomore Jayla Felix.  Slodysko competes in the 50 and 100 free and Rovenolt and Felix compete in the 100 breast, 50 and 100 free.  Felix is a returning district qualifier in the 100 breast. We feel we have three girls who could all qualify for districts this year.  All three swimmers started in the program as freshmen with Maddi and Brilee entering their third year, Warrior Run coach Jeremy Felix said. The three have been swimming members in the summer at Milton and Felix and Slodysko swam for the East Lycoming Eels. Montoursville graduated state qualifier Sam Jordan, who placed fourth in the 100 back.  He also finished 18th in the 200 free, missing out on qualifying for the finals. Wellsboro has two swimmers competing this year in BrennanWarner and freshmanHayne Webster. In District 6, Central Mountain returns three of its 200 free relay foursome in Parker Orndorf, Leisher Gugino and Derek Hughes.  Last year, the relay team placed second in the District 6 Class AAA race with a time of 1:36. 01.  That trio also finished third in the 400 free relay with a time of 3:30. 73. As a team, Central Mountain was third in the district standings, behind just State College (district champs) and Hollidaysburg. Orndorf finished third in the 200 free at districts in 1:51. 86. On the girls side, the Wildcats return all four members of its fifth-place 400 free relay team of Mikayla Rich, Madison Bair, Evie Rembold and Hannah Brian, which finished in 3:54. 95 last year.  McKenna Fox and Bair also were on last years third-place 200 medley relay team. In total, of Central Mountains 16 swimmers on its roster, 10 have experience districts. LEWISBURGCoach: Derek UpdegraffAssistants: Hillary Cree (swimming), Lorraine Tusing (diving)Last year: Boys (8-2), Girls (8-2)Returning district qualifiers: Girls, senior Hannah Castellan (breast); senior Lily McBride (free); junior Molly Gill (free, breast).  Boys, senior Hunter Grimes (diving); junior Jack Drouin (free, back, fly); junior Thomas Haynos; junior Vaughn Holthus (free). Returning state qualifiers: Girls, senior Anna Batkowski (200 medley relay, 400 free relay); junior Jewels Hepner (400 free relay); junior Delaney Humphrey (18th in IM; 14th in 500 free; 200 medley relay); sophomore Alexandra Decker (200 medley relay).  Boys, senior Collin Runyon (17th in diving); junior Caleb Leaman (20th in diving). Remaining roster: Seniors: Daniel Durfee, Thomas Hetherington, Brianna Winters.  Juniors: Ryleigh Faust, Jazmin Garza, Lucy Gustafson, Amelia Kiepke, Jakob Powell.  Sophomores: Taryn Beers, Braden Davis, Azmin Edens, Catherine Jacobson, Liberty JUstice-Dean, Rowen Martin, Reese McGregor, Ian McKinney, Kathleen McTammany, Carina Pavlov, Mark Walsh, Medha Yenireddy.  Freshmen: Zachary Rutz, Mitchell Malusis, Isaac Leaman, Livia Holthus, Anaya Davis, Brianna Camacho, Katelyn Beers. JERSEY SHORECoach: Jenna BrooksAssistants: Jon PalumboLast year: Girls (7-3), Boys (4-6)Returning district qualifiers: Girls, Lily Dincher (500 free); Taylor Fleming (500 free, 100 free); Meaghan Keegan (100 fly, 100 breast); Jordan OConnor (50 free); Veronica Sander (200 free, 100 free); Allison Moore (100 fly, 500 free).  Boys, Hunter Lucas (100 fly, 100 back); Blaine Mann (100 free, 100 back); Caleb Stemler (100 fly, 100 free). Returning state qualifiers: Girls, Meaghan Keegan (200 free relay, 400 free relay); Jordan OConnor (100 back, 200 free relay, 400 free relay); Veronica Sander (200 free relay, 400 free relay). Remaining roster: Seniors, Gabrielle Bellomo, Lauren Creveling, Maegan Sorgen, Stephanie Steinbacher, Owen Knepp.  Juniors: Alex Butzler, Taylor Watkins, Abby Wall, Desiree Rennicks, HUnter Lucas, Quinn Green.  Sophomores: Malayna Brown, Lily Dincher, Mackenzie Gardner, Rachel Tira, Xavier Barlet, Jason Grant.  Freshmen: Peter Bellomo, NIck Bellomo, Julia Sorgen, Emalee Haines. WILLIAMSPORTCoach: Nate WitmerAssistants: Sue Smith (swimming), Beverly Nuttle (swimming), JeffBeattie(diving)Last year: Boys (9-5 overall, 6-3 HAC), Girls (13-1 overall, 9-0 HAC, league champions)Returning district qualifiers: Girls, Ellie Fisher; Cecelia Fink;Jayla Halstead;Maya Trump;Skylar Blaker; Ella Meckley;SarahWaltz;Zoey Harding;ElizabethLundy.  Boys, Brodey Persun;Ross Flerlage; NoahMarzo; Riley Hockman; DevonShank. Returning state qualifiers: Girls, Amy Jarvis (200 free relay), Lydia Smith (50 free; 200 free relay; 400 free relay), Mallory Pardoe (100 fly; 200 free relay; 400 free relay), Isabelle Griswold (200 free relay; 400 free relay); Elisa DiNcola (400 free relay).  Boys, Jack Beattie (400 free relay); Matthew Beard (50 free; 400 free relay)Remaining roster: Seniors: ElijahEck; Julian Fisher-Stopper; Oliver Matz.  Juniors: SageKoch, Elliot Wannop, Mary KathrynHillman; Lydia Missigman; IscahRintelman;Alyssa Chestnut.  Sophomores:Marina Schappell; KokiMusila;AdelynMcDermott; Adelia Engel; JustinFulmer.  Freshmen:JadenRankinen; DayvonBoyd, Sydney Kelley;Maddie Halstead;Laila Robertson;ElizabethRyder; AllysonMcCann;AddisonBower. WARRIOR RUNCoach: Jeremy FelixAssistants: Margaret RovenoltReturning district qualifiers: Jayla Felix (100 breast)Returning state qualifiers: NoneRemaining roster: Juniors: Brilee Slodysko, Madison Rovenolt. CENTRAL MOUNTAINCoach: Jim MerinarAssistants: (not available)Last year: (not available)Returning district qualifiers: Girls, McKenna Fox (200 medley relay, 100 breast), Madison Bair (200 medley relay, 200 free, 100 back, 400 free relay), Mikayla Rich (200 free, 200 free relay, 100 free, 400 free relay), Hannah Brian (200 IM, 200 free relay, 500 free, 400 free relay), Evey Rembold (50 free, 200 free relay, 100 free, 400 free relay), Cleia Stern (100 fly), Morgan Brian (100 fly, 100 back).  Boys, Parker Orndorf (200 free, 200 free relay, 500 free, 400 free relay), Derek Hughes (200 IM, 200 free relay, 100 back, 400 free relay), Leisher Guigno (50 free, 200 free relay, 100 free, 400 free relay). Returning state qualifiers: NoneRemaining roster: Seniors: Nate Laubscher, Lena le Toure Valentina.  Juniors: Damon Germelo, Caitlin Dale, Lonnie Duck.  Sophomores: Christina Smith. 

 article is from popculture.com  on  'American Idol' Alum David Archuleta Teases New Album in 2020 Amid 'Winter in the Air' Tour (Exclusive) With the year winding down and holiday season in full swing, singer and songwriter, David Archuleta is looking to start 2020 off with a bang of a new music, sharing exclusively with PopCulture. com that fans can officially be excited for whats to come in just a few short months.  After releasing his seventh studio album Postcards in the Sky in 2017, the 28-year-old is now gearing up for a fresh chapter of music with his OK, All Right Tour this March. (Photo: Michael Tullberg / Getty Images)I will be releasing something in the beginning of next year actually, so I wont be wasting too much time, Archuleta told PopCulture. com exclusively, who is in the middle of his tour for the deluxe edition of his holiday record, Winter in the Air. With the former American Idol runner-up all grown up and now living in Nashville, he reveals hes taken a new direction with his music and songwriting talent.  Ive been working in London, so several songs will come from there, as well as some music here in Nashville and in L. A. , he said.  So Ive just been working different places with different writing camps and looking forward to just releasing some more pop music. Adding further that he loves living in Music City, the Utah native shares the Tennessee hub of creative energy, legendary venues and evolving sounds has contributed to his growth as an artist.  Ive loved it.  I mean, almost everything that I do now is in Nashville, as far as writing and stuff, Archuleta admitted.  Half of the Christmas album, Winter in the Air was done in Nashville with two producers. He goes on to detail working with producer, Cason Cooley and songwriter, Dave Barnes on a number of pop tracks over the years as well as several off his Christmas record, including the original holiday song and lead single, Christmas Every Day, which he co-wrote alongside the two.  It was fun to have that and that I can live somewhere, and it feels like home, he said.  You have that communal vibe here, but you can also get work done.  Its nice and then, its easy to separate the two as well here.  I just like it. When it comes to understanding a communal vibe, Archuleta is humbled by everyone he has come across, including those from his Idol family.  He goes on to disclose how his friendships with many of them is a solid one, especially when it comes to creatively collaborating. Whats funny is I got to work with one of my good friends, who was also an Idol, Danny Gokey.  He did a Christmas album this year as well and asked me to sing Silent Night in Spanish with him he did an English version with Kari Jobe and asked if I would do the Spanish one, Archuleta revealed, adding how it was incredibly fun to work with the Season 8 third-place finalist.  Dannys always been one of my good friends, but I also love his music and his voice, so that was a really neat collaboration. He also shares it was great working with Melinda Doolittle of Idol Season 6, who contributed background vocals to his Christmas album, Winter in the Air.  But when it comes to non-seasonal music, Archuleta admits to PopCulture. com that he would love to collaborate with Season 9 Idol semi-finalist, Tori Kelly. I would love work with Tori, I think Tori would be great as well to work with sometime because shes just such a talented musician and singer, vocalist shes just crazy good, he said.  But it would be fun because weve known each other since actually I was 12, and she was 10, so weve known each other for a long time and itd be fun to do something now that were grown up and still in this music industry and releasing our own music now and all that. Archuleta adds that though he has not collaborated with her yet, he talks to his fellow Season 7 alum, Brooke White a lot as she is someone he considers one of his really good friends, disclosing he stayed with her and her husband, Dave after their time on Idol.  But when thinking back to where it all started at just 16 years old, he has learned a lot from 2008 to now. [Idol] has shown me that theres more that Im capable of than I thought I was, Archuleta said.  I felt like I would be just pretty satisfied with, Okay, whatever.  I dont know if I can really accomplish great things in my life.  I dont know if I can reach a lot of people with what I do, but itd be cool.  And American Idol was really hard, [but] everything that came after as well was just a lot of catching up and a business that I was just not prepared to be in. Humbled hes here 12 years later in a music industry that has embraced his craft and gracious personality, Archuleta is a lot more confident and eager to push himself after everything hes been through over the years. Now, its like, You know what? I feel like okay Ive been able to do this.  Ive been able to get through it, he said.  And I see that while the big things are really the things that a lot of people see and hear and watch, its very exciting and its what provides a lot of the opportunities you get. The former Idol shares that everything he has learned has been more of an assist to the things that matter most to him. [It] helped to give me perspective and to balance out many other small little miracles that happen every day in my life and every week, and I think it helps me put that into perspective and value it, Archuleta said.  Its like, Okay, these bigger things are awesome and what accomplishments, I didnt know I could do that.  But then its like the simpler things, just knowing that you have good friends or you can just lift someones day just by speaking to them or sharing a thought with them, trying to just be better as a human being and help other people find their value, their purpose on a more personal [level].  I think thats for me so invaluable. Archuleta goes on to say how he wouldnt have appreciated the value in those moments had it not been for the bigger ones to compare them to.  Those simple things that have always brought me joy are still the things that bring me the most joy, Archuleta said.  But the accomplishments definitely are awesome as well, on TV and an album release or getting to this event, meeting this person and they help fill out life with neat stories to tell. Head to his official website for more tour details and updates! Tickets for the spring tour, kicking off March 30, 2020, go on sale Tuesday, Dec.  6. Ok, all right. . .  the news is finally out! Ill be hitting the road again for a brand new tour next spring! And yes, the set list will include new music, too! pic. twitter. com/RJTCWPx5ry David Archuleta (@DavidArchie) December 3, 2019Photo credit: Michael Tullberg/Getty Images-----WAIT! Subscribe to GroupChat, PopCulture. com's official Reality TV podcast! Check it out by clicking here or listen below. HIT play and listen to GroupChat's new Episode 14! We're digging into 'Dancing With the Stars' winner, 'Americas Got Talent' had two major exits, Dog the Bounty Hunter is in a new movie role and Angelina Pivarnicks wedding got messy when her 'Jersey Shore' stars roasted her in their speeches! Stay tuned and make sure to subscribe!

 article is from   on  NJ weather: Cold weekend, 60s next week CLOSE An inside look at a Toms River warming center for the homeless.  Jerry CarinoA clear, cold weekend will give way to a warm, wet start to next week, according to the National Weather Service. There's an outside chance of some snowfall in North Jersey Friday and again Sunday evening, but for the most part, rain is the only precipitation the state will see in the next five days or so - and even that is likely to hold off until at least Sunday night, according to the NWS. Here's the NWS' weekend weather forecast for New Jersey, broken down by region. North JerseyIt will be well below freezing Thursday, Friday and Saturday nights, with "a slight chance of snow showers" before 11 a. m.  Friday, then an outside chance of rain.  It will stay cloudy Friday with a daytime high of 40, then sunny but a few degrees cooler Saturday during the day.  Sunday will warm back up to a possible high of 41 with a chance of rain and snow before 1 a. m.  Monday and an overnight low of of 34. There was a small craft advisory off the Jersey Shore Thursday, but no other weather alerts that affected the state.  (Photo: Courtesy National Weather Service)Monday will likely be rainy and warmer with a high of 52 degrees, slightly cooler but no less rainy overnight before an even warmed day Tuesday with a possible high of 56 and a 50-percent chance of rain.  Temperatures will drop again Tuesday night and stay in the 30s Wednesday. Central JerseyA clear, below-freezing night Thursday will turn into a cloudy day Friday with a high of 47, shooting back down to 27 overnight before a sunny day Saturday with a high of 38.  The mercury will ping-pong again Saturday night into Sunday, dropping to 22 before rising again to 46 for another sunny day. As winter nights get colder, the Jersey Shore's homeless population can be hardest hit.  Learn about a local warming center in the video at the top of this article. Good morning! Drier weather today and through the early portion of the weekend, though a weak system may bring a stray shower Friday night.  A much larger storm system will begin to organize across the plains early next week, leading to a warm up for us.  #PAwx#NJwx#MDwx#DEwxpic. twitter. com/sT0X7iB7IM  NWS Mount Holly (@NWS_MountHolly) December 5, 2019Rain is likely to move through Sunday evening into Monday, with an overnight low of 38 before a daytime high Monday of 56.  It should stay rainy, warm and overcast through Monday night into a 60-degree Tuesday, with more rain possible Tuesday night into Wednesday as temperatures return to the 30s. South JerseySouthern inland counties will stay a little warmer than their northern neighbors, with a 30-degree overnight low Thursday rebounding to a 50-degree high for a sunny Friday.  Friday night will dip below freezing again as clouds roll in before a sunny and cool Saturday with a high around 40.  Saturday night will stay clear with a low of 24 and Sunday will be mostly sunny with a high of 48. The rain will roll in overnight Sunday ahead of a warm-up, with a daytime high Monday of 58, continuing through Monday night with a low of 49 and through the day Tuesday with a high near 60. The rain may continue Tuesday night, with a low of 34, and into the day Wednesday, with a high of 41. Jersey ShoreThe Jersey Shore will see similar fluctuations to the rest of the state but will be slightly windier, with winds hitting 13 miles per hour Thursday night and 14 mph Friday before diminishing overnight Friday. Thursday night will dip to 28 degrees before a cloudy day Friday with a high of 48.  The clouds should split Friday night as the temperature dips to 27 before a sunny Saturday that won't quite get out of the 30s.  A clear Saturday night with a low of 24 will rebound to a high of 49 Sunday. Sunday night will bring rain to the Shore as well, with temperatures jumping from a 41-degree low overnight to a 57-degree high Monday as the rain continues.  Monday night will stay rainy, but only bottom out at 50, while Tuesday may see a high of 59 but only a chance of showers.  Clouds return with cooler weather Tuesday night, but the chance of rain will steadily decline into Wednesday. Alex N.  Gecan: agecan@gannettnj. com; 732-643-4043; @GeeksterTweetsSupport our Signature Journalism Become an Asbury Park Press subscriber today and get unlimited digital access and support stories like this one.  JOIN TODAYRead or Share this story: https://www. app. com/story/weather/2019/12/05/nj-weather-cold-weekend-60-s-next-week/2621652001/

 article is from   on December 03 2019 NYC-Area Beach Towns Worth Visiting When It's Cold Beach Avenue in Cape May, New Jersey |

 article is from www.jerseyshoreonline.com  on December 05 2019 Ocean County In Full Holiday Spirit TOMS RIVER Merry Christmas everyone, little Luke Polhemus of Pine Beach said and with those words the 6-year-old from Pine Beach pushed the magic button that Freeholder Director Virginia E.  Haines handed him, and a 28-foot tall Norway Spruce lit up. Luke joined his 11-month old brother Brayden who was in his stroller beside him as he did the honor of activating the 6,000 energy efficient LED bulbs that were hung on the tree and which brightened Downtown Toms River like a yuletide beacon on December 4. The South TR Elementary School Chorus in front of tree.  (Photo by Bob Vosseller)The countys annual Christmas tree lighting ceremony was held on the grounds of the Ocean County Administration Building at 101 Hooper Ave. The lighting of the Christmas tree is coordinated by the elves who work in the building and grounds department of the county according to the program handed out to close 100 people who stood at the corner of Hooper and Washington Street. The sound of students from the South Toms River Elementary Chorus were heard as they sang a variety of holiday favorites.  Principal Dennis Holzaphel and Nikole Mustica, supervisor of instruction and Musical Director Stephanie Higham were there to hear them. Following the ceremony, it was time to take off some of the early winter chill with some hot and cold apple cider and Christmas cookies that were available inside the crowded Administration Building. Freeholder Director Virginia Haines with Luke Polhemus (Photo by Bob Vosseller)The refreshments were provided by the Ocean County Vocational-Technical Schools culinary arts students. Ocean County Freeholder Director Virginia E.  Haines welcomed everyone to the celebration.  I look forward to this wonderful time of year and lighting our beautiful County tree. Freeholders Gary Quinn, Gerry P.  Little and Joseph H.  Vicari were also on hand to wish the crowd a wonderful and safe holiday season. The government complex decorating and tree lighting were performed by the Ocean County Department of Buildings and Grounds headed by Superintendent Joseph Meyers, Supervising Landscaper Joseph LaManna and Supervising Building Service Don Leone. The South TR Elementary School Chorus in front of tree.  (Photo by Bob Vosseller)Reverend James Occhipinti gave the invocation at the program.  He wished everyone a Merry Christmas, Happy Hanukkah and Joyous Kwanzaa. Ocean County Sheriff Michael G.  Mastronardy and Ocean County Prosecutor Bradley Billhimer were also present at the event. 

 article is from   on  Krampus Asbury Park brings monster of Yule to the Jersey Shore CLOSELets set the record straight about Krampus: the iconic, infamous Yuletide creature is not evil. Yes, the beastly creature with origins in European folklore can be a frightful, shaggy sight with horns, a long tongue and a mission to punish the naughty. But Kathy Kelly, proprietor of Asbury Parks Paranormal Books and Curiosities, said Krampus is no mere rampaging terror. Buy Photo 12/1/18- Krampus is celebrated along Cookman Ave.  Asbury Park (Photo: James J.  Connolly/Correspondent)Krampus is not a horror figure, said Kelly.  They made a horror movie about him (2015s Krampus), but Krampus is not a horror figure.  Hes not evil, hes not a psychopath.  Krampus is an agent of balance and he represents the reality of repercussions for ones actions. To put it in Garden State terms, Krampus is no Jersey Devil. The Jersey Devil has autonomy, Krampus really doesnt, said Kelly.  He doesnt get good children.  If we want to keep him within the comfortable folklore that were familiar with, he has a list (and) he follows the list.  He has a job.  Hes going to that house.  And you hear people say hes the Christmas Devil no, youre removing something really important from the whole thing, which is (the fact that) in our world, behavior has repercussions and punishment exists in our world. Buy Photo Krampus, pictured on Asbury Park's Cookman Avenue in 2016, will be back in town this weekend.  (Photo: FILE PHOTO)Paranormal Books and Curiosities is set to present the fifth annual Krampus Asbury Park gathering Friday, Dec.  6, through Sunday, Dec.  8. The shop, an Asbury Park fixture since 2008, first launched Krampus Asbury Park in 2015 in an effort to draw folks to the downtown shopping district of the seaside resort town in the winter while spreading excitement across a number of participating local businesses. Celebration hallmarks like theThe Running of the Krampusse and the Reading of the Naughty List return, joined by new activities including a gingerbread house contest, with submissions displayed in local business storefront windows.  There's also Operation Escape the Sleigh, a family-friendly scavenger hunt with riddles and puzzles to be found both indoors and outdoors on Saturday. The Krampus Film Festival has grown, too.  Twenty six films were submitted from around the world this year, with entries coming from as far away as Iceland, France, Australia andCanada.  The 15 accepted short films will screen across two blocks happening Friday evening at the ShowRoom Cinema and Sunday afternoon at the Paranormal Museum. Buy Photo 12/1/18- Krampus is celebrated along Cookman Ave.  Asbury Park (Photo: James J.  Connolly/Correspondent)Im never looking to blow it up. Im never looking for it to become some huge thing," said Kelly. "I'm really looking for it to organically grow slowly.  Theres something really charming about the fact that it feels really D. I. Y.  I dont want to go too glossy with it. Our connection with Krampus, Frau Perchta and other wintertime terrors exists on a primordial level, Kelly explained. "The days are shorter, its darker, your world is smaller and the world outside is scarier," she said. "So you had a reason to be afraid of the forest, and I think theres a part of us that misses that.  We miss that permission to be in our homes and huddled around the fire and close to our loved ones, and we miss that kind of intimacy and authenticity that you felt when you were a kid. Buy Photo 12/1/18- Krampus is celebrated along Cookman Ave.  Asbury Park (Photo: James J.  Connolly/Correspondent)Krampus Asbury Park 2019 schedule of eventsFriday, Dec.  66:30 p. m. : Pictures with Krampus andYeti7:30 p. m. : Krampus Film Festival at the Showroom Cinema,707Cookman Ave. , Asbury Park, $10Saturday, Dec.  7All day: Operation Escape the SleighScavenger Hunt, advance registration for specific time required, $5 per child or $20 per familyNoon: Krampusmaarkt vendor market, 618 Mattison Ave. 1 p. m. : Poster contest judging1:30 p. m. : Pictures with Captain Nicholas Claus,Santas Pirate Brother2 p. m. : Monsters of Yule Walking Tour3 p. m. : Gingerbread house contest judging3:30 p. m. :Reading of the Naughty List4 p. m. : Homemade mask contest4:10 p. m. : Krampus caroling4:30 p. m. : Line up of the Krampusse4:45 p. m. :Krampus March to Kennedy Park, Cookman Avenue5 p. m. :Lauf Krampus Lauf! The Running of the Krampusse to compete for the title of Krampus Asbury ParkSunday, Dec.  89:30 a. m. : Breakfast with Krampus, $40 per person, $130 for four-pack1 p. m. : Krampus Film Festival Microshorts,$10Events take place at Paranomal Books and Curiosities and the Paranormal Museum, 621 Cookman Ave. , Asbury Park, and are free unless otherwise noted.  For more information, visitkrampusap. com. CLOSE Thousands of people gathered in Hollabrunn, Austria Saturday to witness the traditional Krampus run.  In Germanic folklore, Krampus is the evil companion of Santa Claus.  (Nov.  26) APSupport our Signature Journalism Become an Asbury Park Press subscriber today and get unlimited digital access and support stories like this one.  JOIN TODAYRead or Share this story: https://www. app. com/story/entertainment/events/2019/12/02/krampus-asbury-park-brings-monster-yule-jersey-shore/4298550002/

 article is from   on December 06 2019 Snooki 'retiring' from 'Jersey Shore': 'I just can't do it anymore' Snooki stunned fans on Friday by announcing that she's "retiring" from "Jersey Shore. "The reality star, who is the biggest star to come out of the long-running MTV hit, shared the news on her podcast, "It's Happening with Snooki and Joey," in episode released on Friday. "I love you so much, and dont hate me for my decision," the 32-year-old mother of three said.  "I am retiring from 'Jersey Shore. ' I am not coming back to 'Jersey Shore' for season 4 if there is one. ""The main reason is really I just cant do it anymore," she continued.  "Literally, leaving my kids to film it is really, really hard on me. "Snooki, whose real name is Nicole Polizzi, shares three children -- Lorenzo Dominic, 7, Giovanna Marie, 5, and Angelo James, 6 -- with her husband, Jionni LaValle, who she met on the show's original run. "Jersey Shore" premiered on MTV in December 2009 and subsequently ran for six seasons, before ending in 2012.  The show was rebooted in 2018 as "Jersey Shore: Family Vacation," which has aired for three seasons so far. The show, which has made countless headlines around dramatic stories such as co-star Jenni "JWOWW" Farley's tumultuous divorce and Mike "The Situation" Sorrentino's prison sentence for tax evasion, has certainly evolved over the years, and Polizzi said that she didn't love where it was going. "Im not saying goodbye," she said of reality TV in general.  "I just need to move on from the show because I dont like the direction its going in when it comes to the drama and the cattiness. "She added that the show has "been very drama," "serious" and become "not something I signed up for. ""For me, I dont want that and Im not leaving my kids days on end to film this show when thats the result of it," Snooki said.  "I just dont like the turnout of it and I dont like the person Im being portrayed as.  This is getting a little too much.  At 32 years old and with three kids, if Im doing a reality show I just want it to be fun and light-hearted, and lately its not like that and the show is getting so dramatic. "

 article is from   on  Pinelands Girls Hoops, Bowling, Indoor Track Expect Positive Winter Season - By David Biggy Tuckerton-Little Egg Harbor Leader Winter Sports PreviewsAIM TRUE: Pinelands sophomore Caitlyn Rodriguez will be one of the primary threats on the girls bowling squad this winter. Little Egg Harbor Graduating a bunch of seniors from a basketball team usually means the following season begins as an uphill climb for the squad, given it is faced with utilizing inexperienced players to try to win games early on.  However, at times a team has enough of its core starting crew returning that it doesnt become a major problem. Thats the case for this years Pinelands Regional girls basketball team. Were very young, but we can be competitive in most of the games due to hard work and discipline, said coach Keith Lowe, whose Wildcats last year ended the season 10-14 before graduating four seniors.  I believe with the attitude to work to get better every day, we will improve throughout the season. A trio of returning players should make the transition into this season significantly easier, especially given the fact each contributed in every game last winter, integral components to the Wildcats 10 victories. The frontrunner of that trio is junior guard Sunni DiElmo, who not only works hard on defense and leads by example anywhere on the court, but also can often score going to the basket.  No doubt, the teams leading scorer from last season likely will fuel the offense this season as well. And then theres sophomore guard Bridget Dudas, who broke into the starting lineup last season as a freshman and played a huge role in adding another dimension, especially defensively, to Lowes squad.  Another hard worker and a very good athlete, Dudas helps trigger the transition game.  She will also be called upon to score more points this season. Junior guard Skylar Callahan also returns to the team after playing hundreds of quality minutes last season, adding some scoring pop while contributing quite a bit on the defensive side of the floor. Beyond those three, though, the Wildcats are going to need young and inexperienced players to step up and fill some big roles, mainly on the interior. Heading into the new season, which starts Dec.  20 in their home gym against Shore Conference Class B South rival Donovan Catholic, the weak spot on both offense and defense will be underneath the basket.  Lowe is hoping that can change with the additions of forward Alyssa Breese the teams only senior and junior forwards Maddie Stein and Emily Fence. Two other newcomers, junior guard Tamar Beaubrun and sophomore forward Kayla Weber, are expected to provide significant minutes while they develop in their roles.  Junior forward Rocky Towler also adds to the frontcourt. Girls Bowling SquadReturns Entire CrewIn the sport of bowling, experience isnt as much of a factor as long as a bowlers mechanics and understanding of the game are solid.  But, obviously, experience doesnt hurt, and the Pinelands girls squad is going to have the benefit of experience this season. Coach Jim Beckers crew has its entire starting five back from last winter, when the Wildcats finished 17-28 and posted solid scores throughout the season at times showing flashes of brilliance that indicated better things to come.  Becker probably found it hard to wait for the new season to start. We had a lot of growth between the past couple of years, as this team has stuck together for three straight years now, Becker said.  We return all our starters to their varsity spots, and were looking to improve off of last years win total.  We also look to give some of our division rivals something to think about this year and next year. Of course, the team to beat in the Shore Conference South B division is Manchester.  The Hawks are a perennial powerhouse nowadays, but theres no reason not to believe the Wildcats can make a run at the divisions second position and possibly even surprise Manchester on a really good day. Leading the charge this season will be the two girls at the back of the lineup junior Kaitlyn Edwards and sophomore Caitlyn Rodriguez.  Both had solid seasons a year ago, with Edwards averaging 132 and Rodriguez averaging 149.  With improved averages this winter, it should allow the Wildcats to operate from a position of confidence. From the get-go, this team feeds off of Kaitlyn Edwards and Caitlyn Rodriquez, Becker said.  They both bowled over 200 in games, and had very good averages throughout last season.  And both are poised to do that again. In front of Edwards and Rodriguez is a trio of experienced juniors: Catherine Allen, Courtney Burns and Kennedy Heinrichs.  The expectation is that each bowler likely will have significantly improved averages over last season, and will contribute heavily to any success the Wildcats have this winter. Catherine, Courtney and Kennedy all continue to get better as we practice, and they plan on scoring high and bringing their averages up, Becker said.  Our goal is to go to the Shore Conference Tournament as a team. Historically, that would be a lofty goal for a Pinelands girls bowling team, but this crew certainly has the ability to accomplish the feat.  And the Wildcats got off to a great start, cruising to a 3-0 victory over Donovan Catholic behind solid efforts from their top bowlers. Edwards kicked off the season by tossing games of 161, 152 and 175 for a 488 series, while Rodriguez, the teams anchor, delivered consistency throughout with games of 150, 153 and 151 for a 454 series.  At the front of the lineup, Allen scored a 150 to start the season and ended up with a 403 series, while Burns topped out at 138 in the second game and finished with a 396 series, and Heinrichs registered a high game of 132 on the way to a 359 series. As for the boys team, coach Paul Millar has a tougher task for this winter, with new varsity players to replace graduates following last winters 8-37 campaign. Ethan Edwards, who finished with a 151 average a year ago, is the only player back to the starting five.  Climbing the South B division ranks might be tough this season.  However, the Wildcats do have some promising bowlers toeing the alleys as they try to rebuild. Among the newer crew expected to push Pinelands in a positive direction are Dylan and Ryan McGowan, as well as Jacob Dippolite and Andru Janits. The boys also jumped out to solid start to their season, coming up with a 3-0 win over Donovan Catholic, as Dylan McGowan led the way with games of 148, 182 and 180 en route to a 510 series.  Ryan McGowan fired a 430 series behind a top score of 160 in the third game, while Edwards managed high games of 142 and 141 for a 413 series, and Dippolite threw a 148 in the first game to help out.  Janits topped out at 126 in the third game. Pinelands TrackstersOn the Way UpThe indoor track season typically is a precursor of things to come in the spring.  Both the girls and boys squads should have several athletes competing among the top of the field in their respective events this winter. For the girls, senior thrower Liz Makar should be the main point-scorer, as she likely will compete for multiple shot put titles this season.  Last year, Makar placed first in Ocean County, third in the Shore Conference and NJSIAA South Jersey Group II meets, second in Group II and ended the season in 14th at the Meet of Champions.  She followed with a fantastic spring, again ending up in the Meet of Champions. Additionally for coach Matt Fullers girls, senior Sarah Keady figures to be in the mix with the 400-meter dash, and junior Marlee Tharp in the 800-meter run.  Keady took 15th in the county 400 before grabbing the ninth spot in South Jersey Group II.  Tharp placed 11th in county 800 and ended the winter season with a 15th-place finish amid a loaded field at South Jersey Group II meet. On the boys side, coach Don Angelini will be expecting bigger things from junior distance runner Mart Villanueva as well as sophomore sprinter and jumper Andre Simmons.  Villanueva placed 11th in the 3,200-meter run at last winters sectional championships, and Simmons broke onto the track and field scene by scoring big at the Shore Conference Championships taking third in the 55-meter dash and 10th in the high jump. David Biggybiggy@thesandpaper. net

 article is from   on December 04 2019 More Jersey Shore Beach Badges Just Went On Sale Yesterday we told you that while it may be only a few short weeks away from winter 2019-2020, Ocean County municipalities are already thinking about next summer, with Berkeley Township putting 2020 beach badges on sale. Well, the summer dreaming continues today with another popular Jersey Shore community putting 2020 season badges for sale. As of today, you can grab your Brick beach badges for 2020 for the pre-season price. You've got time, as long as you get your 2020 season beach badge for Brick before June 15th of next year it'll cost you $25 with the price going up to $30 after 6/15/20. Also remember, in Brick, senior citizens who are at least 65 get onto the local beaches for free. You can click here for all the information on Brick's summer 2020 pre-season beach badge sale. Enter your number to get our free mobile app

 article is from   on  Norman Keith "Weasel" Tawney TodayConsiderable cloudiness.  Occasional rain showers after midnight.  Low around 35F.  Winds ESE at 5 to 10 mph.  Chance of rain 60%. TonightConsiderable cloudiness.  Occasional rain showers after midnight.  Low around 35F.  Winds ESE at 5 to 10 mph.  Chance of rain 60%. TomorrowRain likely.  High 43F.  Winds SE at 5 to 10 mph.  Chance of rain 90%.  Rainfall near a quarter of an inch. 

 article is from popculture.com  on  Ariel Winter Photographed as She Jumps Full Force Onto Huge Garlic Structure During Exhibition Ariel Winter stole the show on Monday night an an art exhibition in Los Angeles, California.  Even a giant garlic sculpture could not distract from the Modern Family actress, who is in the middle of her final season playing Alex Dunphy.  Winter was all smiles at the event, in spite of her recent breakup. Winter wore a sheer black shirt with a lace front and sleeves on Monday night.  She paired this with black leather pants and, at times, a black leather bomber jacket, with open-toed high heels to tie it all together. She was out at the VIP opening of the Dumping and Associates pop-up art exhibition, held at ROW DTLA in L. A.  Winter seemed charmed by the installations, which were mostly giant renderings of real-life food.  She struck a few poses while straddling a massive bulb of garlic. (Photo: Michael Tullberg/Getty Images)Winter also posed in giant strainer full of blue dumplings, a hall of what looked like multi-colored stems and a chamber of jagged mirrors.  All the while, she looked happy and light-hearted, apparently having the time of her life. Winter is just a few weeks out from a big breakup, having ended things with her boyfriend Levi Meaden in October, according to a report by the Daily Mail.  She and Meaden had been together since November of 2016, and had even lived together until their split.  So far, there is no word on what came between them. Winter has plenty of other things to focus on in any case.  The actress is enjoying her final season as the star of a major sitcom, and reportedly got a huge pay raise in the process.  Back in 2017, Variety reported that the younger cast members of Modern Family got a "significant" bump in their salaries when they re-negotiated for a two-season order. (Photo: Michael Tullberg/Getty Images)In addition to Winter, that includes Sarah Hyland (Haley Dunphy), Nolan Gould (Luke Dunphy) and Rico Rodriguez (Manny Delgado).  All four are now over 18 for the first time in negotiations, and asked to be paid like their adult co-stars. That extra money will come in handy for Winter, who reportedly intends to return to college after the series wraps.  The 21-year-old was attending classes at UCLA until last year, when she dropped out to focus on work in March of 2018.  With Modern Family behind her, she will reportedly return to her dream of becoming a federal prosecutor. Modern Family airs on Wednesdays at 9 p. m.  ET on ABC. -----WAIT! Subscribe to GroupChat, PopCulture. com's official Reality TV podcast! Check it out by clicking here or listen below. HIT play and listen to GroupChat's new Episode 14! We're digging into 'Dancing With the Stars' winner, 'Americas Got Talent' had two major exits, Dog the Bounty Hunter is in a new movie role and Angelina Pivarnicks wedding got messy when her 'Jersey Shore' stars roasted her in their speeches! Stay tuned and make sure to subscribe!

